fix: post install (#8)
redkubes/redkubes.github.io: docs/post-install.md

## When Otomi is installed without optional configuration

> Follow these instructions when Otomi is installed without DNS (`otomi.hasExternalDNS=false`) and without 3rd party IdP (`otomi.hasExternalIDP=false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these instructions when Otomi is installed without DNS (`otomi.hasExternalDNS=false`) and without 3rd party IDP (`otomi.hasExternalIDP=false`).
```

### Get the log output of the installer job

When Otomi is installed without any optional configuration, passwords and public URLs are automatically derived. The `Keycloak` app acts an IdP, which is used to define users of the otomi containers platform. Some usefoul information like `Otomi Console` and `Keycloak` public URL with admin credentials can be found at the end of the installer log.

Use the following command to access the log output.

```bash
kubectl logs jobs/otomi -n default
```

### Create a user in Keycloak

1. Navigate to Keycloak app (using the URL provided in the installer log)
2. Click on `Administration Console`
3. Login with admin credentials (using admin and password provided in the installer log)
4. Select the `Otomi` realm
5. Click on `Users` then `Add user`
6. Fill in a user name in the Username field
7. Fill in your email address in the Email field
8. Select the `otomi-admin` group
9. Click on `Save`
10. Click on the `Credentials` tab and then fill in a password for this user in the `Password` and `Password Confirmation` fields
11. Click on `Set Password`

> :::info It is advised to change keycloak admin password.:::

Reviewer 2: Because the password is in the logs of the installer job in the default namespace and accessible for non-admins

### Activate Drone

[Gitea](https://gitea.io/en-us/) and [Drone](https://www.drone.io/) are an integral part of how Otomi cluster configurations are stored and updated.

> 1. Click on the **Gitea** app (under Platform/Otomi Apps) in the console.

Reviewer: why is Gitea referenced here? It will simply pop up when drone is started. It could be github or whatever oauth app that is configured. Gitea has no special role here.

### Sign in to the console

> If Otomi is configured with OIDC (using Azure AD as an IDP), click on the right button (redkubes-azure in the example below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Otomi is configured with `hasExternalIDP=true` and `OIDC` settings have been provided for an external IDP, click on the right button (redkubes-azure in the example below).
```
